Fixed #32220 -- Added durable argument to transaction.atomic(). (#13708)
django/django: docs/topics/db/transactions.txt

    completes successfully, its effects can still be rolled back if an
    exception is raised in the outer block at a later point.

    It is sometimes useful to ensure an ``atomic`` block is always the

>     outermost ``atomic`` block, ensuring the any database changes are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    outermost ``atomic`` block, ensuring that any database changes are
```

    committed when the block is exited without error. This is known as

>     Durability and can be achieved by setting ``durable=True``. If the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    durability and can be achieved by setting ``durable=True``. If the
```

>     block is later nested in another it raises a ``RuntimeError``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    block is nested within another it raises a ``RuntimeError``.
```

    is especially important if you're using :func:`atomic` in long-running
    processes, outside of Django's request / response cycle.

.. warning:: Durability and testing

    :class:`django.test.TestCase` disables the durability check to allow
    testing durable atomic blocks in a transaction for performance reasons.
    To test the durability guarantees, use
    :class:`django.test.TransactionTestCase` instead.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. versionadded:: 3.2

    The ``durable`` argument was added.
    
```

    is especially important if you're using :func:`atomic` in long-running
    processes, outside of Django's request / response cycle.

.. warning:: Durability and testing

>     :class:`django.test.TestCase` disables the durability check to allow

Reviewer 2: As a pytest user it makes me wonder whether I can use this. Should we also allow durability checking to be disabled via a setting?

Author: I think it should be possible for pytest-django to implement something similar.

Reviewer 3: It should be 4 lines in a new or existing pytest fixture that uses try / finally to disable then re-enable the flag.

Reviewer 3: Also I still prefer and recommend sticking with Django's `TestCase` when using pytest, it has many features not reproduced by pytest-django

    testing durable atomic blocks in a transaction for performance reasons.
    To test the durability guarantees, use

>     :class:`django.test.TransactionTestCase` instead.

Reviewer 3: This might want covering somewhere in the documentation for `TestCase` as well?

Author: Can do.

Author: The [`TestCase` documentation](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.1/topics/testing/tools/#testcase) already has:

> Wraps the tests within two nested atomic() blocks: one for the whole class and one for each test. Therefore, if you want to test some specific database transaction behavior, use TransactionTestCase.

I'll add a `versionchanged` section too though.
